hi guys welcome to my kitchen and today
we're going to make easy bibimbap here's
our me some plots where we have all
ingredients ready we'll start with a
bean sprouts yes and we have
julienne carrots spinach leaves
julienned red cabbage although look it
looks purple some seaweed seasoned
seaweed at that hmm and then broccoli
florets sukiyaki cut pork we have
novalee no red wine no valina is a very
common brand here in our part of the
world in the Philippines
give me some mix a pack of give me some
eggs yes and then we will also use
Kikkoman less salt soy sauce Lee Kum Kee
kitchen and press moister sauce and
sesame oil also from Lee Kum Kee and
Bambi kimchi cabbage kimchi so let's
start we'll start of course with our
meat we'll marinate the meat here is our
meat we'll use like half to 3/4 a pack
of the guinea cell flavored mix and then
we will put in our red wine we'll also
add our soy sauce and then we'll go to
our walk for some surf I will use the
sesame oil and then we stir fry first
our Mungo sprouts or the bean sprouts
the sesame oil in itself is healthy at
the same time it gives that nutty flavor
and then we'll add a little bit of
oyster sauce to season it and then
separately we will stir fry this time
the red cabbage still sesame oil a
little bit oiler sauce
next the broccoli florets we will just
put it no seasoning nothing just as is
and here comes the spinach the spinach
we put some give me some flavor mix
first in the sesame oil and then we
added the spinach and stir-fried and
then we put a little bit of the oyster
sauce next we will now cook the last
part of the recipe
which is the beef and we will cook it
like in as little oil as possible or if
it would be better if we're just going
to grill it we just cooked it in the wok
here and then of course we already have
pre-made rice long grain rice jasmine
rice or whatever kind of half whatever
kind of rice we can use it here we'll
just fill the bowl our rice bowl
probably half way through or a third of
the bolder and then we will start with
preparing putting it putting them all
together with the rest of the
ingredients that we have prepared
including the mint
you
there you go guys our easy and very
healthy yet very delicious be bimbo
enjoy thank you for watching bye
you